Review process notes and details (#53)
neudesic/documentation-solution-centers: docs/solution-center/coaching-and-mentoring/promotion-review.md

Level and Title change are taken as separate concepts due to the criteria being slightly different.  To move up in Title, a team member must strongly demonstrate the required competencies.  To move up a level, the competencies for the current level haven't changed but merit based achievements are recognized as indicators for a Level change where the requirements for a Title change are as yet unmet.

*Promotion Considerations*
===

Each role has specific competencies outline in the [Roles, Titles and Promotions](https://github.com/neudesic/documentation-solution-centers/blob/main/docs/solution-center/roles-and-responsibilities/roles-titles-promotion.md) document.

The competencies for each role can be thought of as individual badges, credentials or credits towards advancement.  These function as extracurricular items that can be taken at any time.

**Competencies**

By Role, as defined in the Roles, Titels and Proomotion document.

**Credits**

* Certifications
* Knowledge Sharing Events (Lunch & Learns or other presentations)
* Mentoring 
* Leading work effort or meetings
* IBM Design Thinking Practitioner Badge or Higher

*Review Process*
===

> 
> 1.	Peer review is conducted to support certain milestones as well as provide insight to PDITI values (see Review template - tbd)
> 2.	Synthesis Step: The Lead will draft the initial doc (see Formal Review template - tbd)
> 3.	You and your Lead will work together and create a "Promo path" document summarizing milestones and accomplishments.
> 4.	Document is then submitted to Director for review and approval, then sends to HR
> 5.	HR then does their thing
> 6.	Done
> 
> 
> **Process Notes**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The Peer Review consists of candidate selected peers with whom they have worked or engaged on side projects / OKRs.  The Team leader distributes the Peer Review template and serves at this stage as a distribution coordinator and collection point.
> 
> During Synthesis, the Team Lead collects, reviews and filters (as needed) the replies to capture the common and noteworthy themes.  Constructive Feedback method is used to communicate growth opportunities (collected or needed coaching points) and roll up affirmations into single statements where comments from peers may agree or overlap, into a Formal Review document.
> 
> The Team Lead and Team Member will then review this Formal Review *draft* together and discuss each point to ensure the Team Member understands and agrees with the review or to apply any feedback they may have.
> 
> Once submitted to the Director, the Team Lead will schedule an optional review with the Director.

Reviewer: I find it easier to scan documents if the important keywords pop out at me.
personal preference, but what do you think of this formatting

```suggestion

| Steps | Purpose | Notes
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| Peer Review  | conducted to support certain milestones as well as provide insight into PDITI values | Peer Review consists of candidate-selected peers with whom they have worked or engaged on side projects / OKRs. The Team leader distributes the Peer Review template and serves at this stage as a distribution coordinator and collection point. |
| Synthesis  | Lead will draft the initial doc to submit to Director ( see Review Template - TBD )  | the Team Lead collects, reviews and filters (as needed) the replies to capture the common and noteworthy themes. The constructive Feedback method is used to communicate growth opportunities (collected or needed coaching points) and roll up affirmations into single statements where comments from peers may agree or overlap, into a Formal Review document. |
| Feeback Collaboration  | The Lead and the individual will work together and create a **"Promo path"** document summarizing milestones and accomplishments  | the Team Lead and Team Member will then review this Formal Review *draft* together and discuss each point to ensure the Team Member understands and agrees with the review or to apply any feedback they may have. |
| Submit  | Document is then submitted to Director for review and approval | Once submitted to the Director, the Team Lead will schedule an optional review with the Director. |
```

might be hard to see from just formatting. but it will look something like this in the markdown
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3317835/185432656-5217153b-15a2-4a8c-b579-ee07327101ae.png)
